# Factor-that-Affect-the-Number-of-Wisatawan-Nusantara
The number of Wisatawan Nusantara (Wisnus) trips in Indonesia varies by province and is increasing every year. Each province in Indonesia has a variety of interesting tourist destinations, ranging from nature tourism, cultural tourism, and other types of tourism. The purpose of this paper is to determine if the number of tourist destinations affects the number of Wisatawan Nusantara (Wisnus) trips in Indonesia. Using the panel data regression method, the author use the data on the number of Wisatawan Nusantara (Wisnus) trips in each province in Indonesia in between 2018 and 2019 as well as the data on the number of various types of tourist destinations in 2018 and 2019 in all the provinces in Indonesia to conclude that there are several factors which affects the number of Wisatawan Nusantara (Wisnus) trips in Indonesia.

The goal of this paper is to determine the factors that affected the Number of Wisatawan Nusantara’s (Wisnus) Trips using the “panel data regression” method. This method includes testing the variable affects from the attractiveness of the natural, cultural, and man-made attraction, as well as the amusement and recreation park, main tourism sites, and the tirta tourism that are available within the 34 province in Indonesia. We have examined the data that is available in BPS (Badan Pusat Statistik) regarding the number of domestic tourist trips. The purpose of our research is to find Indonesians' welfare rate. In addition, the welfare rate can be seen through the prediction results regarding the number of Wisnus trips in Indonesia. 
